website: add endpoints info to index page (#88)
C2Devel/terraform-provider-croccloud: website/docs/index.md

}
```

> #### API Addresses

Reviewer: А API endpoints не было бы понятней?

Author: Переделала и решила в целом отказаться от использования `address` в этом блоке

> The Rockit Cloud Provider manages resources via API calls. To connect the provider to the cloud platform

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Rockit Cloud Provider manages resources via API calls. To connect the provider to the cloud platform,
```

> you must specify its API addresses in the `provider.endpoints` block or define the corresponding environment variables.

Reviewer: может добавить уточнение, что эти адреса являются endpoints.
its не совсем понятно к чему относится
```suggestion
you must specify its API addresses (or endpoints) in the `provider.endpoints` block or define the corresponding environment variables.
```

Author: заменила `aaddress` -> `endpoint` по всему добавленному тексту
уточнила: `platform's API endpoints`

> you must specify platform's API endpoints in the `provider.endpoints` block or define the corresponding environment variables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
you must specify the platform API endpoints in the `provider.endpoints` block or define the corresponding environment variables.
```

Usage:

```terraform
provider "aws" {
  endpoints {

>     # It is recommended to always specify `ec2` endpoint,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # It is recommended to always specify the `ec2` endpoint,
```

>     # because it can be used for service calls.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # because it is used for service calls.
```

>     # because it is used for service calls.

Reviewer: м.б. как в пользовательской доке?
```suggestion
    # because the provider uses it for service calls.
```

    ec2 = "https://ec2.api.url"
    s3  = "https://s3.api.url"
  }
  # ...
}
```

> The final set of addresses depends on what resources are used.

Reviewer: final => required (?)

Author: Теперь `The resulting set of endpoints...`

> Each API address has its own provider parameter to specify in the configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each API address has its own provider parameter that must be specified in the configuration.
```
а здесь не стоит уточнить, где именно?
м.б. такой вариант:
An API address can be set using the corresponding provider parameter.

Author: Думаю, из контекста понятно, что речь про блок `provider.endpoints`
Взяла твой вариант)

$ terraform plan
```

> For some API addresses it is also possible to provide them via environment variables (see the [API Addresses section](#api-addresses)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some API addresses may also be provided via environment variables (see the [API Addresses section](#api-addresses)).
```
